God of War, just look at it
Hey, by the way, God of War
Ye Feifan still has the order of Qiongqi in his hands
Help me kill him and grab it for you.
Qiongqi Neidan is right
We all saw it
well known
Qiongqi's strength is unfathomable
There is no one in the world who can kill Qiongqi yet
Just because you can kill Qiongqi
You all got ripped off.
Just you bitch
Jiang Lian and Ye Feifan, this trash deceived us
Ye Feifan, you played us around
What kind of superstar are you?
The dignified Jin Long Warrior
Even Qiongqi Neidan can't recognize it
Eyeless
You're still being stubborn
You dare to speak disorderly to Jingzhai
I will teach you a good lesson today
The last person who dared to talk to me like that
The grave grass has been 3 seconds
That just means they're all trash
Since you are courting death
Then I'll do it myself
You are very moved and work hard with you
Then I'll take you on your way first